[Music]
thirty to creative world flags made by
true geniuses just like a person style
can say a lot about them flags can tell
you so much about the country region or
state they represent most flags are
rectangles but what about the few that
aren't and what do all those colors and
symbols really mean but before we get
into that
here's your friendly reminder to
subscribe to our Channel we've got lots
of fun informative and thought-provoking
videos coming out daily here on the
bright side of life
the Napoli's flag is shaped with two
triangles rather than the traditional
rectangle these triangles represent the
two peaks of Mount Everest which sits on
Nepal's border the story that goes along
with the symbolism says that as long as
the Sun and Moon printed on the flag
exist then so too will the country of
Nepal since a rectangle is by definition
a shape with four sides and four right
angles all squares are technically
rectangles just ones with equal sides
that's good news for the national flags
of Vatican City and Switzerland turns
out they're not so far from the norm
after all the iconic red cross used by
the International Committee of the Red
Cross not to be confused with the
American Red Cross another humanitarian
organization was inspired by the Swiss
flag although the colors are inverted
this was done in honor of the ICRC's
founder a Swiss man named Henry Dunant
Vatican City flag also known as the flag
of the Holy See is modeled after the
flag of the earlier papal States and
includes a depiction of the Vatican coat
of arms the majority of world flags 55
to be exact are horizontal and features
three tricolor stripes in their design
red white and blue as I'm sure you've
noticed are the most popular colors at
least one of them is pretty much always
present on a country's flag Jamaica
however scrapped this go through color
scheme on August 6 1962 in honor of
their independence from British rule
their flag now features a yellow black
and green design and it's the only
national flag that doesn't include any
red white or blue
the only country in the world to feature
purple on their flag is Dominica it's
there to honor their national bird the
Sisera parrot which has a beautiful
shade of dark purple on its chest the
bird is indigenous to the island of
Dominica but was only about 300 of them
left it is unfortunately an endangered
species
while blue is certainly a popular color
to use in national flag designs the
shade tends to be in the Navy or royal
family not aquamarine the Bahamas is
completely unique on that front with
this shade on the flag representing the
water that surrounds the islands the
yellow stripe in the middle represents
the coastline and the black triangle on
the Left
symbolizes the unity and determination
of its people the Bahamas adopted this
colorful design in 1973 after gaining
independence from the British crown
these last few flags have been
relatively young we've now come to the
country with the oldest continuously
used flag in the world
Denmark affectionately called the
Dannebrog they've been using this flag
with a white cross on a red backdrop
since the 14th century funnily enough
while Denmark has a law against
insulting the flags of other countries
the same courtesy isn't extended to its
own one of the youngest national flags
in the world belongs to the Republic of
Seychelles this flag is only 22 years
old putting it in that awkward place
between millennial and Gen Z the easily
recognizable Canadian flag is adorned
with a maple leaf
however their representation of a maple
leaf doesn't exist in nature it only has
11 points as opposed to the nearly 20
that can appear on real ones there's
been some speculation that Canada's
stylized version with 11 points
represents their provinces and
territories but there's no truth to this
the 11 point it may believe has no real
significance whatsoever it just looks
cool Japan gave its flag known as the
nish Oki a partial makeover in 1999 the
red circle which represents the son used
to be a dimmer shade of red and a bit
off-center it's now brighter and
perfectly proportioned
the flag of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Northern Ireland whoo that's
a mouthful is called the Union Jack but
did you know that all those lines and
crosses are a combination of the
countries that make up the UK the st.
George Cross of England and Wales when
combined with st. Andrew's cross of
Scotland makes up the flag of Great
Britain thro st. Patrick's Cross of
Ireland into the mix and you get the
iconic UK Union Jack the Philippines
changes its flag depending on whether or
not the country is at war in times of
peace the top half is a blue stripe and
the bottom half is red in a state of war
they flip the flag upside down and the
colours get switched while the white
triangles on the side depicting a Sun
and three stars stays the same the
Paraguayan flag is also pretty unique
it's double-sided the front shows the
country's national coat of arms which
says Republic Adele Paraguay and the
back depicts the seal of the Treasury it
proudly proclaims has a giustizia
meaning peace and justice a lot of
national flags have depictions of
animals nature tools or weapons but the
flag of Belize is the only one to
feature people it shows two men holding
the national coat of arms beneath this
design you'll see soup hombre floral
meaning under the shade I flourish
Portugal's flag is the only one to
feature a scientific device in its
design behind the Portuguese shield in
their national coat of arms sits an
armillary sphere which is used to
calculate coordinates in astronomy its
presence in the flag pays homage to the
Portuguese navigators who set out to
explore the world
the Bhutanese flag has a dragon on it to
allude to the country's tibetian name
which translates to the land of the
dragon it's holding jewels in its paws
to symbolize the country's wealth
Mozambique's flag shows off the
country's dedication to education
manufacturing and defense with its
design as for the foreground on the left
it shows a red triangle with a yellow
star in the middle encompassing the
image of a book a garden hoe and an
ak-47 assault rifle the Brazilian flag
is a green rectangle with a yellow
diamond in the middle within the diamond
you'll see a blue circle depicting the
starry night the configuration of these
stars forms the constellation of the
Southern Cross the band running across
the sky reads or dem at Progresso which
means order and progress the Southern
Cross constellation can only be seen
below the equator and you won't find it
just on Brazil's flag it's featured on
many flags of countries located in the
southern hemisphere including Australia
New Zealand Papua New Guinea and Samoa
now Roos national flag tells its
observers where the country is on the
globe the dark blue symbolizes the
Pacific Ocean the yellow stripe in the
middle is the equator and the start just
below it marks now whose position
relative to it perdy Handia Qatar's flag
is the longest with the proportion of 11
to 28 the right side of the flag which
fringes into the white left side was red
until 1936 the dyes they used burned in
the Sun so officials just made the flag
the brownish red we see today the flags
of Indonesia and Monaco are incredibly
similar so similar in fact that Monaco
protested Indonesia's design once it was
presented in 1945 after they'd gotten
their independence however Monaco's
protests were rejected it turns out that
the Indonesian flag is actually the
older of the two so they get to claim
the design the only difference between
the two flags are their proportions
Monaco's is 4 to 5 while Indonesia's is
2 to 3
Romania and Chad have a similar problem
with their flags their designs both
feature three vertical stripes in blue
yellow and red the only difference
between them to varying shades of blue
is virtually impossible to distinguish I
think Romania's might be a little darker
what do you think sound off in the
comments below
Mauritius national flag is the only one
to feature four horizontal stripes their
flag is fondly known as the four bands
and these bands hold a lot of deep
meaning the red at the top represents
their struggle for freedom and
independence while the blue beneath it
symbolizes the Indian Ocean where
Mauritius is located the yellow is the
new light of Independence and the green
at the bottom represents their
agriculture we sure have talked about a
lot of colors today haven't we you might
be wondering aren't there any plain
monochrome flags sorry but no not
anymore there used to be a few though
Frances flag was entirely white from
1815 to 1830 afghanistan's was plain
black from 1880 to 1901 and libya's was
just a green rectangle from 1977 to 2011
France has since added blue and red to
its tricolour flag Afghanistan threw in
red and green with their national emblem
in the middle and Libya now has the
addition of red and black with the white
crescent moon and star in the center the
flags of the world are just as diverse
as its people sure some look similar but
that doesn't make them the same each and
every one of them is totally unique and
has its own special story just like us
so what does your country's flag look
like what does it symbolize tell us in
the comments below if you learn
something new from this video give it a
like and share it with your flag
enthusiast friends and always remember
to stay on the bright side of life
[Music]